This movie is a pathetic propaganda. The soldiers of the Allies didnt escape because of some miricle or something.nThey survived because Hitler give a order to stop the attack and to let them escape as a sign of peace with UK.nHitler never whanted to go to war with the western contries he whanted to deal with the real enemy  the commonism.nBut for me personal that was one of Hitlers biggest mistakes  he must destroyed this forces and force UK to surrender nthen the WW2 would be finished in less than a year. That fat drunk pig and war criminal Churchill of course didnt whant peacehe whant only war.
Imagine anyone other than Christopher Nolan making a WW2 movie that does not show a German soldier once...the man is a Jedi.
Damn Dunkerque
008 Thats not the leaflet that should have been portrayed. Hitler wanted them to survive and still offered peace instead of more bloodshed.. The allies elite jews rejected that peace and wanted war because war makes the best profit.
The french  They saved the british army but it is not important...
Ahhh yes killallmen
This movie encourages me to be a soldier though  sad when they only come to watch Harry Styles
People get fussy because there wasnt enough action. You dont need blood and guts to tell a damn good story. Dunkirk is a story we will tell for generations. This film and the music by Mr. Zimmer made this brilliant.
if youre gonna go to the movie just to fawn over harry then thats a bit rude to dunkirk veterans i think
people bitching and whining about how ThErEs nO dIsMeMbErMent REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE are fucking melts. What would you want more a story depicting the horror of survival in one of the most pivotal moments of ww2 or some fancy CGI.
Good movie.
Just finished watching it and I  understand it . I was lost throughout the whole bloody movie . Maybe I do some research on it
This was not about to entertain you.nnnIts a story of survival
People who disliked this movie shall not bother watching movies anymore. Better they shall keep their eyes stiched closed forever.
For the first time I didnt wanna watch that movie. But when I could know there is Harry in Dunkirk  in that moment I watched full movie and enjoyed it. Harry is my heart
154
USA should have been helping.
Best movie
I really love the junkers in that movie
when this movie release in hindinplease dubbed it fast
The same historical event was the subject of the movie Darkest Hour which I have just finished watching and I can say that I was moved by it more than Dunkirk even if this one describes what was happening there. Nolan could have done better than this.
My top 3 War Movies n1. Saving Private Ryann2. Dunkirkn3. Battle of Britain 1969
So epic movie that when Im try to  my son why Im anglophile.
Cant wait for Dunkirk 2 where the great granddaughters of these brave men are groomed and raped by immigrants whilst the boys are jail for criticism.
Beaches.nParadise during peacenHell during war.
2019 and I still believe Dunkirk is not just a movie.nnIts an .
booooooooooooring
There are some people here who are like Im here just for Harry. Well I WAS also here for Harry but after watching the movie i realized that theres so much more than Harry styles. Dont get me wrong tho I love Harry with my whole bloody heart and he did an amazingggg job. I just dont get why some people didnt like this movie. Its a masterpiece literally. I have to say tho this movie is a lil confusing but stilllll man its wowowowow

Alfie Solomons and Tommy Shelby on screen once more again
i dont like the melody in the begining
FUCKING HARRY STYLES PEOPLE
the sacrifice that MEN had to make for us. We owe them everything
Staring Stefan from Bandersnatch.
Did you see harry styles in the video
129
This is still a better movie than Grinding Nemo
In the bleak midwinter
Patton came to realize We defeated the wrong enemy He was murdered for seeing the truth
This movie is such a beauty
For those of you saying you only want to watch this because of Harry Styles he was great dont get me wrong then eont even bother watching of you arent going to pay respects to those 400 000 men and civilians that narrowly escaped and Dunkirk is the reason that Jews still  why we have such great music TV our phones. Pay respect.
.
Omg harry styles is gorgeous and  awesome
Music close to the end
This movie its the most amazing movie i have seen in my life it deserves a million oscars...
The score was legendary LEGENDARY. watch the movie again without sound and take the difference.nRespect to Hans Zimmer
You r bloody  basterd chrostophar NolannYou didnt  show  bravery of Indian soldiers  who fighted for your country  nEven not you showed nHow Churchil chutia nOrder  to left  indian soldiers to die in Dunkirk nTumhi lok adhipan aaighale hote ani ajj pannBc
Shame on you
141 he looks like ChocoTaco
054 YOU CANT JUST BOMB MEDIC BOATS LIKE THAT
Hollywood rewriting history with their Jew lies
Dogfights in this movie were the highlight for me... few words few gunfire but so many emotions. Amazing job
This movie should have won an academy award for best comedy.
waste of time
kkkk
Can everybody who loves this movie please spend some time and read a book about Dunkirk and you know what really happened.
Saving private Ryan is  still my favourite
BUT IF NOT
Simplesmente demais
Where the directioners at
Fucking shit movie. Hacksaw ridge is way better. Seems like British war movies are boring
This movie ending makes me cry everytime. Masterpiece.
This was a great film and masterpiece a lot of haters here Indians Germans you name it but who cares great film if youre British will make you proud and tear up all at the same time.
Wheres harry nnHARRY nnWheres harry
Im like nDuring the movie  I see  if you are a
Is that chris Nolan at 135.
The oldman at the boat assisting the soldiers where the last survivor of titanic.
Nolan the great
Musik 129
Harry
Where are the women with bionic arms
Batman dark knight style soundtrack during all movie.
I want to watch this but I know Ill scream every time I see Fionn

What makes Dunkirk a masterpiece is the sound effects
Adolf let them escape.nnEUROPA THE LAST BATTLEnnGet redpilled
I wish I could watch this movie in IMAX again. My god that beginning scene was scary asf. Loud and shit
movie was trash
One of the most greatest films of all time
Half of the reason why Dunkirk was so popular was because of harriesDirectioners
While this was happening germany was desperatly asking for peace but churchill being the war mongerer he is always wanted this war he wanted his country men to die like fdr
Vive les soldats  qui se sont  pour permettre au anglais de senfuir
What the fudge Harry styles is that you
I watched for everything WWII related and Cillian Murphy.
Great movie Look at Harry up in there
The pilots face gave me the chills
im here for harry styles
139 Had me screaming so did 048  Harry fucjking Styles ladies and gents that was my husband
HARRY
Tommas Shelbi from Blinders I was sure that I had seen his face in movies before.
That poor French soldiers TTTT He saved them twice he was the last man to leave the sinking boat to buy more time for others. And nobody knew his real name. RIP Gibson
Harry styl
I slept while watching the film
Song
FOR EVERYONE BLABLATING THE FRENCHS  ACTUALLY SAVED GB ALLOWING THEM TO ESCAPE BY HOLDING SO GOOD EVEN GERMAN RECOGNIZED THE FRENCH AS THE BEST ARMY IN THE WORLD.
I wish world  had Heroes who gave their lives just because some idiot politicians  make peace among the countries. nnColonisation and World wars were the biggest disgrace to Human kind.nnI wish every soldier in the world regardless of which country they belongs denied to kill .. nnI wish we had humans than Patriots.. I wish.. I wish..
colin
No reference about Indian soldiers at Dunkirk . .co.inamps.inampeducationtodaygkcurrentaffairsstoryindianarmydunkirk102767520170802
